README.md, before:

to
==

to - A simple script for bookmarking file system locations in bash & zsh with tab completion

Supports Linux and OSX

Installation
============

source to.sh in your .bashrc or .zshrc


Usage
=====

to [OPTION] [BOOKMARK]

Options
* -b	Add a new bookmark for current directory (overwrites any current bookmark)
* -r	Remove bookmark

$ to
>print all bookmarks

$ to foo
>go to the foo bookmark (if exists)

$ to foo/bar
>go to the directory bar in the directory foo points to (if exists)

$ to -b foo
>set the foo bookmark to the current directory

$ to -b
>create a bookmark with the name of the current directory pointing to it

$ to -r foo
>remove the foo bookmark


You can also manually edit the $TO_BOOKMARKS file (defined in to.sh, default ~/.bookmarks)
The syntax is:
>bookmarkname|/path/to/bookmark


Dependencies
============

* bash or zsh

The following functionality should be either be provided or built in:
* cd
* echo
* cat
* find
* dirname
* basename
* sed

License
=======

Copyright (C) 2013  Mara Kim, Philipp Adolf, Max Thrun

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

added -p option to print bookmark paths

README.md, after:

to
==

to - A simple script for bookmarking file system locations in bash & zsh with tab completion

Supports Linux and OSX

Installation
============

source to.sh in your .bashrc or .zshrc


Usage
=====

to [OPTION] [BOOKMARK]

Options
* -b	Add a new bookmark for current directory (overwrites any current bookmark)
* -r	Remove bookmark
* -p	Print bookmark path (with subdirectories)

$ to
>print all bookmarks

$ to foo
>go to the foo bookmark (if exists)

$ to foo/bar
>go to the directory bar in the directory foo points to (if exists)

$ to -b foo
>set the foo bookmark to the current directory

$ to -b
>create a bookmark with the name of the current directory pointing to it

$ to -r foo
>remove the foo bookmark

$ to -p foo
>print the path of the foo bookmark

You can also manually edit the $TO_BOOKMARKS file (defined in to.sh, default ~/.bookmarks)
The syntax is:
>bookmarkname|/path/to/bookmark


Dependencies
============

* bash or zsh

The following functionality should be either be provided or built in:
* cd
* echo
* cat
* find
* dirname
* basename
* sed

License
=======

Copyright (C) 2013  Mara Kim, Philipp Adolf, Max Thrun

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
